{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}{\f1\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Consolas;}}
{\colortbl;\red90\green158\blue240;\red40\green40\blue40;\red100\green100\blue120;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa160\sl276\slmult1

{\f0\fs28\b\cf1 Welcome to FloaTodo\cf0\b0\par}
{\f0\fs18\cf3 A keyboard-first, always-on-top task overlay for Windows\cf0\par}
\par

{\f0\fs20\b Quick Start\b0\par}
{\f0\fs18
FloaTodo lives on the right edge of your screen as a slim panel. It is always visible above all your other windows so your tasks are never more than a glance away.\par
\par
After installation, FloaTodo starts automatically and appears in your system tray (bottom-right of the taskbar). Look for the blue \b \u10003?\b0  icon.\par
}
\par

{\f0\fs20\b Show / Hide the Panel\b0\par}
{\f0\fs18
Press \b Ctrl + Shift + Space\b0  at any time \u8212? from any app \u8212? to toggle the panel. The same shortcut hides it when you\u8217?re done.\par
}
\par

{\f0\fs20\b Adding Tasks\b0\par}
{\f0\fs18
1.\tab Click the text field at the top (or press \b Ctrl+Shift+Space\b0  to open the panel \u8212? the field is auto-focused).\par
2.\tab Type a short task name and press \b Enter\b0  to add it instantly.\par
3.\tab For longer tasks with notes: type the title, then press \b Shift+Enter\b0  to expand into a full text area. Write as much as you need. Press \b Enter\b0  when done \u8212? the task opens in detail view automatically.\par
}
\par

{\f0\fs20\b Keyboard Navigation\b0\par}
{\f0\fs18
\trowd\trgaph100\trleft-100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx3000
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx8000
{\b Key\cell Action\cell}\row
\trowd\trgaph100\trleft-100
\cellx3000\cellx8000
\f1 Enter\f0\cell  Add task (compact) or save task (expanded)\cell\row
\trowd\trgaph100\trleft-100\cellx3000\cellx8000
\f1 Shift+Enter\f0\cell  Expand input to multi-line textarea\cell\row
\trowd\trgaph100\trleft-100\cellx3000\cellx8000
\f1 Up / Down\f0\cell  Navigate between tasks\cell\row
\trowd\trgaph100\trleft-100\cellx3000\cellx8000
\f1 Enter / E\f0\cell  Open task detail (when a task is selected)\cell\row
\trowd\trgaph100\trleft-100\cellx3000\cellx8000
\f1 Space\f0\cell  Mark task done / undone\cell\row
\trowd\trgaph100\trleft-100\cellx3000\cellx8000
\f1 Delete\f0\cell  Delete the selected task\cell\row
\trowd\trgaph100\trleft-100\cellx3000\cellx8000
\f1 1 \u8211? 9\f0\cell  Jump directly to task number 1\u8211?9\cell\row
\trowd\trgaph100\trleft-100\cellx3000\cellx8000
\f1 Escape\f0\cell  Close detail / deselect task\cell\row
\trowd\trgaph100\trleft-100\cellx3000\cellx8000
\f1 Alt+T\f0\cell  Toggle light / dark theme\cell\row
\trowd\trgaph100\trleft-100\cellx3000\cellx8000
\f1 Ctrl+Shift+Space\f0\cell  Show or hide the panel\cell\row
}
\par

{\f0\fs20\b Task Detail View\b0\par}
{\f0\fs18
Open any task with \b Enter\b0  or by clicking it. Inside the detail view:\par
\u8226?\tab The \b first line\b0  of the text area is the task title (shown on the card).\par
\u8226?\tab Everything \b below the first line\b0  is private notes visible only in this view.\par
\u8226?\tab Press \b Ctrl+Enter\b0  to save and close.\par
\u8226?\tab Press \b Escape\b0  to save and go back to the list.\par
}
\par

{\f0\fs20\b Tasks Are Grouped by Day\b0\par}
{\f0\fs18
Tasks are automatically grouped under \b Today\b0 , \b Yesterday\b0 , day names, or dates. Completed tasks stay visible inline (just dimmed) so you can see your full day at a glance.\par
}
\par

{\f0\fs20\b Data Storage\b0\par}
{\f0\fs18
Your tasks are stored locally at:\par
{\f1\fs16 %APPDATA%\textbackslash FloaTodo\textbackslash todos.json\par}
No account, no cloud, no tracking.\par
}
\par

{\f0\fs18\cf3 FloaTodo \u8212? Built for focus.\cf0\par}
}

